- Now, let's implement
a rest call
to get all reservation data,
using our REST API.
Let's hop into IntelliJ,
and let's open up ReseverationService.ts.
Let's create a method called getReservations,
that takes in no parameters,
and returns a Observable
that emits
a collection of Reservations.
Now, let's return the result
of calling your http client
evoking a get request,
that returns an array of Reservations,
passing in the reservationUrl.
Now, let's open up app.component.ts.
Let's create a variable called currentReservations,
and let's make it a collection of Revervations.
Now, let's create a method called getCurrentReservatons,
that takes in no parameters.
And let's call our reservationService,
calling the getReservations method in our service,
then let's subscribe to that observable
and let's pass an a lambda that takes that result,
prints it out to console,
and also sets it equal to the local variable
currentReservations.
Let's be sure to call the getCurrentReservations method
in the ngOnInit block,
so that we get a list of current reservations on page load.
Now, let's start up our Spring application.
Let's take a look at that error.
It looks like
we should add in a this statement
when calling getCurrentReservations
In our init block.
On line 22 let's make sure the type name is correct.
This is an array of Reservations.
Let's also be sure to import the type Reservation
from reservationService.
Let's go ahead and restart
at our Angular service.
Let's open up a browser,
and head to localhost at 4200,
and we can see on load
that when we get a list of current reservations,
the list is empty.
Let's try adding one.
And then let's refresh.
And now on page load,
we get a list of current reservations.